# Convert to a PHS report in MS Word document format

Format for converting from R Markdown to a PHS report in MS Word
document format. This is an extension of the `word_document` format that
adds post-processing to include the front cover and table of contents
for the report.

## Usage

``` r
phs_report_docx(
  toc = FALSE,
  toc_depth = 3,
  number_sections = FALSE,
  fig_width = 5,
  fig_height = 4,
  fig_caption = TRUE,
  df_print = "default",
  highlight = "default",
  reference_docx = "default",
  keep_md = FALSE,
  md_extensions = NULL,
  pandoc_args = NULL,
  cover_page = NULL,
  cover_title = "Title",
  cover_subtitle = "Subtitle",
  cover_date = "DD Month YYYY",
  label = NULL
)
```

## Arguments

- toc:

  `TRUE` to include a table of contents in the output

- toc_depth:

  Depth of headers to include in table of contents

- number_sections:

  `TRUE` to number section headings

- fig_width:

  Default width (in inches) for figures

- fig_height:

  Default height (in inches) for figures

- fig_caption:

  `TRUE` to render figures with captions

- df_print:

  Method to be used for printing data frames. Valid values include
  "default", "kable", "tibble", and "paged". The "default" method uses a
  corresponding S3 method of `print`, typically `print.data.frame`. The
  "kable" method uses the
  [`knitr::kable`](https://rdrr.io/pkg/knitr/man/kable.html) function.
  The "tibble" method uses the tibble package to print a summary of the
  data frame. The "paged" method creates a paginated HTML table (note
  that this method is only valid for formats that produce HTML). In
  addition to the named methods you can also pass an arbitrary function
  to be used for printing data frames. You can disable the `df_print`
  behavior entirely by setting the option `rmarkdown.df_print` to
  `FALSE`. See [Data frame printing
  section](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/html-document.html#data-frame-printing)
  in bookdown book for examples.

- highlight:

  Syntax highlighting style passed to Pandoc.

  Supported built-in styles include "default", "tango", "pygments",
  "kate", "monochrome", "espresso", "zenburn", "haddock", and
  "breezedark".

  Two custom styles are also included, "arrow", an accessible color
  scheme, and "rstudio", which mimics the default IDE theme.
  Alternatively, supply a path to a `.theme` file to use [a custom
  Pandoc style](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#syntax-highlighting).
  Note that custom theme requires Pandoc 2.0+.

  Pass `NULL` to prevent syntax highlighting.

- reference_docx:

  Use the specified file as a style reference in producing a docx file.
  For best results, the reference docx should be a modified version of a
  docx file produced using pandoc. Pass "default" to use the rmarkdown
  default styles.

- keep_md:

  Keep the markdown file generated by knitting.

- md_extensions:

  Markdown extensions to be added or removed from the default definition
  of R Markdown. See the
  [`rmarkdown_format`](https://pkgs.rstudio.com/rmarkdown/reference/rmarkdown_format.html)
  for additional details.

- pandoc_args:

  Additional command line options to pass to pandoc

- cover_page:

  Cover page document file name.

- cover_title:

  Title to be used in the cover page.

- cover_subtitle:

  Subtitle to be used in the cover page.

- cover_date:

  Date to be used in the cover page.

- label:

  Sensitivity label. One of: 'Personal', 'OFFICIAL',
  'OFFICIAL_SENSITIVE_VMO'.

## Value

R Markdown output format to pass to
[`render`](https://pkgs.rstudio.com/rmarkdown/reference/render.html)

## Details

See the [online
documentation](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/word-document.html)
for additional details on using the `word_document` format.

R Markdown documents can have optional metadata that is used to generate
a document header that includes the title, author, and date. For more
details see the documentation on R Markdown
[metadata](https://pkgs.rstudio.com/rmarkdown/reference/rmd_metadata.html).

R Markdown documents also support citations. You can find more
information on the markdown syntax for citations in the [Bibliographies
and Citations](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#citations) article in the
online documentation.

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
library(rmarkdown)
library(phstemplates)
render("input.Rmd", phs_report_docx())
} # }
```
